hello everyone and welcome to this
week's episode of League weekly it is
you lied 24th 2017 and I am joined by
three wonderful people who I've never
met before in my life but I found them
on the street
I needed somebody to do a show with and
here they all are we skipped a week so
we've got a lot to talk about and all
these people are gonna help me talk
about it so first off let's start with
Kelsey Moser how's it going Kelsey hi
I'm doing pretty well yeah there's no
China topic to sequel to say hi happy
birthday clearlove and move on
nice um yeah my favorite type of - happy
birthday clearlove whoo happy birthday
clearlove it's launders birthday as well
happy birthday launders he is the same
Bruce clearlove coincidence all right
how's Germany probably Germany is nice
um getting doing a lot of interviews
yeah does that mean your Internet's
going to like not die in the middle of a
sin
I mean sometimes it occasionally dies
it's just better quality generally I did
the last episode in Germany as well that
had all sorts of other problems yeah
none of which are my house Melissa
though I all right uh first off I also
wanted to do semele rant
Emily ranch Oh how's it going um I'm not
definitely L&E warned congratulations
that was like a month more on the ill
thank you suffered through no it was
like two weeks oh it's tough yeah it
felt like forever it's all like forever
to me future yeah and then finally we've
got Mark Zimmerman Oh mark pretty good
what is the black backdrop behind you
that's where I shoot the blame game do
you know you said in there yeah they got
got a light right here okay yes thing
and then I got a camera and all that
stuff
the scenes work yeah yeah it's very not
glamorous
well isn't that high room next to it so
that box is what my chair came in and
then I kept it because my first tripod
was not tall enough to shoot me I level
so eventually I start using my roommate
to type out more often now the box just
sits there in case I ever need it cuz
you know you always need some good boxes
yeah some more level technology I'm not
going to tell even start telling you
what my setup is right now because it's
very terrifying okay really
there's just like there's some kitchen
stools and some pillows and that's about
as far as we're going to go can use your
imagination for the rest yeah as long as
their camera doesn't start like when I
was in Brazil my laptop would slowly
start sliding off of where I had to prop
it up on pillows and then Ryan Stevens
is always in my ear being like stop it
and I'm like I'm not moving my laptop
just keeps falling on me luckily with
the expectations of our production
values no longer have Ryan see things if
only current society I'm sure all right
oh well first off we need to get into
these topics instead of keep sitting
first off and we're actually have some
breaking news as of today you can go
check it out it's up on the league lots
and subreddit on Twitter elsewhere Team
Liquid is going to bring in mid laner
Mickey and this very strange given that
they've had a pretty good weekend Emily
before I response is a very good weekend
you know why Emily is dying well yeah
yeah exactly i'm mateus making he is a
really funny player um it's just enough
that he liked to laugh yeah so like I
mean Mickey's history in and of itself
is really wears because he started off
where he was like one of the highest non
sign players in Korean Challenger in
2014 when the Chinese were just starting
to get on the import bandwagon and he
was a
midlane Leeson one-trick so they
imported this guy without doing like any
research other than the fact that he was
super high signed on on the ladder and
the first game they played they played
him as a jungler in his first
professional game because he played lee
sin and that did not go well at all
isn't he bad and he became like a mid
laner and that's how he became a mid
laner and I think that could kind of
tell you right off of that a few things
about Micky you it's just the whole
decision really is a bit baffling to me
yeah he is like a player who basically
can like actually still in today's
League of Legends single-handedly lose
you a game and single-handedly win you
again and I feel like that's actually
really rare nowadays he's just like
really inconsistent hyper aggressive
always up in Lane does weird stuff that
absolutely makes no sense it doesn't pay
attention to vision didn't even really
know how to play mid lane that well like
in terms of like minion waves and vision
control or any of that stuff until
arguably sometime last year um he is
known for being one of the few mid
laners who can kind of like hold his own
against faker in lane even though he's
like really reckless job not even a big
thing anymore I feel like nails now
headed of mid laners can hold their own
against faker and Lin yeah it's just
like it's really baffling to me that
Team Liquid would pick up Mickey and not
just because because I know a lot of
people the initial reaction is like well
this is hilarious because they're just
coming off of there best week and they
seem to have found some stability and
golden glue is not performing poorly so
why bring in Mickey and obviously this
the signing must have happened
not not today but you know previously
I'm sure they've been to talk but the
thing to me that's still really baffling
is that what Team Liquid seems to need
is like any semblance of consistency
right and Mickey is such an inconsistent
player and will never be a consistent
player like he was at his most
consistent last year and it was still
negotiable it's like going from like no
consistency to like a 1 on a scale of 0
to 10 like he's just Islanders what
makes you say he can never be a
consistent player because he played the
same way for years maybe how a try
it's the ward winning team liquid
coaching stuff it's going to yeah sister
had to say then I just a baby all he did
was North America it seemed liquid to
make him like a sensitive player all
right I'm gonna get flamed already for
just supporting Team Liquid a little bit
in this decision so I'll just put the
shirt up already put it on because I
knew this is coming I will say that like
you can argue about you know whether or
not Mickey is a player that they should
sign just do like consistency problems
and like doesn't even speak English and
these other concerns that are going to
come up far as I know he goes on yeah I
haven't heard I feel like given the fact
that like when you read that interview
they did not stress good English skills
you can probably take that to be that
means he does not have good English
skills if you're not going to highlight
that there was um so like this is I
guess tangentially related there was a
video that someone did where he
interviewed a couple of the Africa
players last lit when they were trying
to go to Worlds and they were kind of
this surprising team and they had
seungyoon and Snow Flower and they tried
to speak English pretty well and they
were like okay and Mickey's was not
nearly as good so okay so yeah obviously
maybe you can't speak English world and
most likely uh all that aside like given
that it is the middle of summer split
you are going to be hard-pressed to find
like any talent that you would want to
import of like any caliber and um I
guess on the team liquid side is just
like you probably started like the
process of this acquisition like week
three we have for when you're like
getting shit on you put slooshy and he
sucks ass - and you're just like well
our team blows like what's the worst
that could happen by like bringing this
guy over we have a mountain of money so
like it's not like a big cost to us in
terms of like oh - can we afford to do
this and then like if he does come over
and perform great you can maybe keep him
for 2018 and if he sucks and it's just a
waste of time well great you guys are
getting crapped on anyways so I can kind
of a little bit understand that I just
don't know why they didn't make this
movie the start of the split but we
already hit on that a lot about like why
bring the same five players back what
does this mean for their other imports
well they were saying in the ESPN
article that the plan would be to bench
reignover use a nori and put Nick in the
mid lane which is so for me I would
disagree with that decision for a few
reasons but I think the primary one is
that in nori himself is not known for
being a particularly consistent like
it's like having two very reckless
players I'm going to get pop just
finally good for and over again and that
was like kind of their problems they
signed this super expensive player
allegedly and he wasn't really like in
meta in terms of his champion pool or
just what he wanted to do generally and
then now suddenly we get this patch that
allows him to play like a ton of change
tank junglers and like Gragas like
fanatically all this disengage constant
or anything else and and they're playing
inori like they have the same problem
all over again it's good idea what add
14 liquids accountant because you just
like I love the idea that like we ran
over importantly just like the most
expensive by a huge amount player and
the LCS it's like a we're just going to
bench him we're just gonna what the fuck
one thing I will say and why I think
this patch might be overrated for
reignover is just because it's a lot of
like different tank junglers and he is
not good at picking up new champions
really at all so like like yes you can
play Gragas and you can play Olaf
but like can he play Choga can he play
maokai can't can he play Zac he's still
playing Elise like some of the a lot of
their wins came on Elise and Dragons
which are like in his wheelhouse yeah I
don't even know if that's like even his
worst problem to be honest too so it's
it's just a really long complicated
issue if you want to get into Team
Liquid jungle situation the one thing I
will say is that like I don't think it's
a surprise that like the first weekend
at Team Liquid or like one of the two we
can seem Lucas actually aggressive is
like when this move has probably been
coming for like a while and it's finally
confirmed like I don't think that
they're actually making moves now as a
team is like oh they're figuring it out
it's like they're probably just like
fuck it let's actually make plays
because it more previously they would
get like three or K gold leaves off
punishing an enemy doing something dumb
and then they would just sit there and
slowly bleed out so like I'm not
convinced that like oh they figured it
out and now like this is going to hurt
his energy I think it's like they have
synergy now because this move made them
not care and their wins weren't even
like also improved figuring it out kind
of play it was probably just off of like
teams sort of being lulled almost into
the sense of complacency it's like okay
we're going to push out the lane we're
going to do the what are they yeah just
random way dying so it's like yeah yes
like I I'm not convinced like the sudden
teamliquid uptick is like even reliable
given the fact that we have a split and
a half of them not working out the only
two weeks it's not going to make me
convinced that this is like bad now
whether or not the Mickey move is a good
move is is a separate issue which I'm
more on emily side about that one all
right I mean yeah I just I just think
it's hilarious that a team that has had
problems finding any sort of consistency
signs like one of the most inconsistent
players I know so it sounds like the
panel universally if you
as though this was a bad or poor or
silly decision from teamliquid I think
okay I'm going to draw a loose
connection between something else that
happened recently which is doctor who
got a new doctor okay okay yeah everyone
had a huge outcry right because the
doctor was female but I don't even think
that that was the thing and this isn't
everyone's this just some people like a
group of people and then some of the
writers left allegedly because of this
decision I don't even think it was
because of the female doctor necessarily
right I don't even think it was because
they made the female doctor the doctor
female is because the writing for the
Doctor Who series has been so bad for so
long that any decision they make okay
people are instantly just going to
question and be like this seems like
you're you don't understand what's wrong
with the show you don't understand the
problems that is going on with the show
and you're just like trying to do
something really drastic to make people
like happy or to evoke some sort of
interest in the show and it feels
similar it feels like Mickey is the
female doctor so that's mine and so it
just it feels almost like no matter what
decision TL may get this point people
are going to be like okay this is going
to go poorly because so far their track
record of decisions is is really bad and
that's the fundamental problem not
necessarily this particular move you
know what I mean it's another I mean
it's another decision in a long line of
decisions that shows what I don't think
they have any idea of like what is wrong
with their teens
I just find it I don't even know if I
say it like I'm not even condemning the
decision necessarily it is just
hilarious to me Kelsey go ahead mark no
I was just going to say like yeah they
they are consistently bad so go bring in
an inconsistent player like who cares
maybe it works I like I think most
people have given up on 20:17 TL and
like if this gives them a potential
option in 2018 like whatever Kelsey how
would you fix Doctor Who because we go
fix Doctor Who then we could fix Team
Liquid
I mean they fired a lot of the writers
but I don't know a lot about the
situation so they fired a lot of the
writers apparently or a lot of the
writers left I'm not clear but like one
of the worst ones apparently is now the
showrunner so uh feels like that might
not work okay very good well there goes
that plan alright so moving on hatch
7.14 came out and this was I know a very
controversial patch then they hotfix
some of the lethality stuff or at least
one of the items and it became a little
less controversial but still my
understanding is controversial
I was best Manning at a wedding this
weekend so I was only able to catch one
game in person but what is what did
everyone think after the patch snow hit
competitive play oh boy
I mean whose top we are specifically
again this specifically mine okay I
guess yeah you can stay I mean I guess
it's just my question is generally like
what do people even think is this patch
because it seems like this patch is very
irani and that's the terminology people
have been using that everyone's like you
but you're not all random in your
champions the play is saying it's an
errant patch is it that they're all
ramen right all random they're champions
it's that these cops would be good
theoretically if you've got them and
like an errant game because they can tie
really well and they're well rounded in
their team fight sense so then you can
just like push MIT and people are very
afraid to go to the sidelines and get
sideline control because they're afraid
of getting picked off everyone is afraid
of pushing out the wave mid even on
their own to get jungle vision and then
going into the jungle so it's hard to
play it like pick comps that would
theoretically counter some of these like
grouping situations or moving to
sidelines or anything of that nature so
it's just a really messy thing because
of how strong the tank itemization is
like I even think we're
I'd seen more people just willing the
first item brambles best in certain
situations just because it's like how
cheap it is I get damage back the fact
that so many people are going to be
running like Piper care ad I don't know
yeah
so what do you think that the meta will
end up being cause like I've been like
just watching na almost like the only
thing I've watched on it is just like it
feels like like you said tanks are super
good and there's been like buffs to
support tanks for a while the the buffs
to cinderhulk makes tank junglers good
and then you have the actual bus to tank
like cho'gath and singed and maokai and
new noon whatever else so like it just
feels like tanks are good everywhere
right now and does that mean like you
guys think we're just going into like
full tank meta 5g5 deathball comps yeah
and I regret I already talked a lot so
you should speak oh no I was just going
to say I think what we've seen people
try to do is have like at least one to
two points of like either heavy burst
damage or like a hyper some sort of
hyper carry somewhere like I think maybe
teams will start trying that out more
which I don't know how people feel about
that but typically when you look at
tanks comic and meta you end up with
people trying out a lob like a few more
hyper carry comps we thought some teams
try it it didn't seem like it was really
working for a lot of people but I don't
know if that's just that could also just
be like poor kingside positioning or
something like that I don't know if you
guys think we might see more hyper
carries as well especially in bot lane
which we've kind of already were seeing
anyway like some of the hyper carry
comps are just really random like you oh
I went wrecks
Renekton Elise Cowan kog'maw yeah and
there's one island support and I was
just saying hey this is snack adore guys
but I think that you kind of have to
because you need something to shred
armor
and typically you have long-range ATS
that can shred armor you have collapse
console severe like silver does a lot of
crab these current atomization is
becoming stronger again like one of the
big problems with the duskblade stuff
that everyone thought was going to be
super good is that when you're in a
position where you're like Lane swapping
with duskblade ad carries you end up in
switching on to the sidelines and you
can't take the turret bastards and the
other guy and then you fall behind in
that regard and then your desk blade
item item ad carry isn't as effective as
like a crit ad carry later on so it's a
really weird position to be in so I do
think we are going to see a lot of those
I think you can still play like I'm
probably going to look at some of the
games where people were running like one
force and I think you can still play one
fours but you have to be smarter about
your lane assignments one force and 131
so you have to be smarter about your
lane assignments you can't you have to
think critically about situations where
people you're dueling or your mid or
whatever will get caught out when you're
assigning lanes so it just becomes
harder to execute these comps but I
think you can't still play them and some
people will probably try to snowball
really hard and overwhelm takes but I
just think for now it's just just so
good like I don't know it's really easy
to I mean it's really yeah that's what I
was going to say like I saw and there's
a weird extenuating circumstance with
this where the one of the teams had to
win within a certain amount of time so
there's very it's stupid it's Brazil I'm
actually writing a rant about it but um
they had to win in certain time so
obviously they went for more early game
because they basically had to win in 32
minutes I believe and they just got out
scaled by a team fighting comps they
lost one fight at 15 minutes and the
game was over and the Kelsie's point
like this is the most kind of obvious
example it's a cade stars versus intv
games - from yesterday if for any
further curious I know not many people
watch Brazil and I wouldn't even
necessarily recommend you watch this
game but it's the most like visually
obvious example I've seen of like it's
so much easier to just run these tank
compositions because you can just mash
your face into the other team at a
certain point and you will not lose at
each light and that's just so much
easier to do then because like we've
seen teams trying to do like i see
teamjosh up 131 and 401 all the time
just because they don't understand where
to apply pressure or how to treat
objectives or stuff like that and if you
can have a team composition that's super
easy to win with and very successful and
you don't need to think as hard about
that kind of stuff then it's
unfortunately the meta is going to shift
in that direction and I think that's
what we kind of saw from this week so
what's weird to me is like there's
there's a game like that na as well just
p1 versus C and I'm like p1 head Ripple
tank with Sivir and eventually see I've
messed up one fight in the jungle and
then it's over because it's just run at
them think tank ops like snowballs super
hard because they're so lenient around
playing around turrets and dives and
stuff like that as well as having so
many engage tools and the thing is like
even though I think like everyone on the
outside is like yeah tanks are probably
the best there's like a ton of teams at
least in na running prompts that are
like just out there like okay you're
putting rumble top early with like Jason
like trumped like I don't know what
they're doing the Catholic struggled
like their fold like damage comps and
they sometimes win like echo fox want a
game with like this complete like the
Draven like having the snowball really
hard against them and they get a couple
really kills more work and so like
there's enough times where I see
something that I'm like that's a dumb
draft win like I thought digs drafts are
really good they still lost because they
played that I'm pretty sure but like
maybe you know us on the outside
thinking tanks are just the best like
I'm so like I'm almost positive that
tank meta is like the way to go but I
don't know if it just because teams
aren't on it or like teams know
something we don't know hundred percent
yet they like Aybar and 100 percent on
board I think generally speaking teams
don't like it that much like some teams
do like you talked to certain
so I can and I really love Sivir but
most players are not that player or yeah
man I really love playing tanks and like
I really love that show cat doesn't even
require you to hit your chew anymore
because everything is just broken uh
some people will be like that but I
think some teams want to play and like
we want to play the Fuhrer we want to
play the Camille we want to play the
kha'zix and so they'll find ways to do
this like I know this place like I also
think some of the issue is that when you
have a top more top focus team it's like
you don't want to play two tanks usually
yeah top and jungle so you'll see like
some teams trying more 1 4 so like uol
hdk and misfit splice are all examples
of teams level will do more stuff like
that but I think that you can do it it's
just harder and teams will find
workarounds I think some workarounds
like since people are super hard
prioritizing like Brom and you can first
item certain supports and you can first
pick certain supports into brahmer you
can pickle ton of supports into Brom
even like a jhana or something like this
with disengage and maybe like even
Morgana or something and then I think
that we might see like super high heavy
disengage comps be somewhat successful
like gragas Jonna super comp so I think
that they're they're definitely options
it's just that it's going to take a bit
before people can get to the point where
they can reliably execute them because
right now I think Jarvan is like the
most broken champion in the game because
he can engage off-screen he's free
positioning for your hyper carry ad and
I mean if you have a strong jungle
matchup he can trade really well and
lanes so I don't know it's it's fun
super fun
well should we move on in oh go ahead
Emily oh no all of us goodness is I was
surprised because like I don't
obviously all of your interviews haven't
come out Tulsi but like I interviewed a
bunch of people on the new pageant a lot
of these are going to be coming out this
week that was surprised at how relaxed I
guess some of the players were like some
players just like yes it's whatever so
there was kind of because I started
watching the latest patch earlier in the
week and once it got to anywhere I was
interviewing the players themselves they
kind of seemed very like there were only
one or two that were like I don't I
really don't like this or whatever
they're just kind of like whatever so I
think the shifts that we saw maybe
didn't seem as drastic to them I'm not
really sure how Pro clear I throw that
out there just because like their
response was pretty I
I feel like that's more and more how Pro
players are though like they don't want
to shit talk patches or be seen as
complaining about the meta they just say
things like you know it's a lot of
changes but it's a lot of opportunity to
do something or you know it's a pro
player that's kind of you know it's
about adapting and like this is just one
more area we have to adapt like you just
get a lot of those kind of canned
statements and they didn't even say that
they were just like oh yeah this patch
isn't even bad compared to like you know
no lease officer when I was at 2015
worlds but that patch was absolutely
broken this is a dream if their
standards are just like realize maybe
that's it and this is this is like just
a blip on the radar this is a great
opportunity to move on to the next topic
which is our patches like 7.14 good for
lol I this is marks right yeah so did
you want to say something oh yeah all I
would say is like it's it is an
interesting question of me because as
somebody who is not as analytical or gay
minded I know everybody talked about
7.13 is being really really good and so
I am interested to hear you know but
what something like I don't know it's
just interesting that it was so
disruptive to a patch that people
thought was really well-balanced
yes so that is the question a little bit
I think like between 7 and 11 7 12 and 7
13 it was like slowly getting more and
more balanced but there's multiple
perspectives to take of course so like
from a pro player perspective or an
analyst or a coach and even like us on
the outside we can bitch and moan a fair
amount about the fact that 7 14 inches
throws everything up in the air that
they were working towards for so long
they felt they finally had a nice
balance and they're kind of like well we
bought some items you bought some
champions out of nowhere we were
reworking stuff sounds great let's go
here's a new champion as well turn in
their canes a thing that you know we
haven't talked about yet like so on the
one hand yes that is very annoying from
the pro player perspective but in terms
of on the outside as a viewer all right
I think like this is one of the best
patches to happen because no one knows
what the fuck to ban red side I was
talking to Tony Dixville about this a
little bit and it's like it feels like
after like a week or two on any patch
it's like well those are your three
standard red side bands you got LeBlanc
beringar Camille you got that Kate you
know maybe X probably at least like and
you get into this thing where it's like
well here at the Opie's band that and
then like this patch comes around and no
one knows what so P no one knows what
strats they want to run or like what's
the best strat and I'm sure it'll get
ironed out in time but I do think you
know given that this there's not an
international tournament right around
the corner there's a couple weeks swords
playoffs a lot of like the really long
term problems that have come out with
some of those other patches that they
happened on playoffs or at Worlds
whereas this one's just kind of towards
the tail end of the season and brings a
lot of spark to it I would actually
argue overall I'm happy about the 714
patch it's funny that you saying on most
what to ban red side because I feel like
all the EU teams feel like you either
ban but what they consider like the
three Opie junglers or two of of them
and caitlin depending on how afraid you
are at the enemies alway so it's kind of
funny there is that difference but um
but yeah there is a really kind of
absurdly side win rate to though I think
as a result I need final watch what it
is exactly but that usually happens when
there's a new patch especially like a
really big new patch
so it'll probably even out but and just
in general blue side is is stronger but
yeah
yeah super leashing makes I think blue
side just way better super leashing and
also the way the Train is set up in
terms of like bow ties and yeah
skillshots and everything else so uh
yeah I think but usually on a new patch
like blue side gets an even higher when
when right just because of the red side
stuff and people haven't figured out
counters so like the Opie's and but so
yeah I think that's an interesting thing
I don't like it as much because I did
seorak 7.13 was a super diverse patch
you could play a bunch of like you could
like people are already finding like the
thing that bothers me about seven one
four if something bothers me about seven
or four is people already knew tanks for
strong and we're starting to figure out
that tanks are strong right so this
patch is like okay but then we just
buffed tanks that we're already being
played because cinderhulk improvements
and other stuff for no reason
and now tanks are gross and so that's my
problem with it I understand from a
spectator though this patch is like
super fun because everyone feels like
they need to fight all the time
and yay otherwise you lose side side
wave control so you have to force go in
general um I like the previous patch I
don't like I don't like it when and I
feel this way about seven one four so I
guess this is my my only argument
against it I feel like the ways to win
on seven one four are or right now
anyway until I guess time like over time
people figure out other solutions and
start being able to execute like a 131
or 4-1 to kind of counter these 5z5
comps that we'll probably be seeing I
don't like it when it seems like the
easiest strategical option to winning is
like like the one that's the easiest to
execute
I guess if that makes sense just because
for me personally and I'm not the casual
spectators just look
for like fight after fight after fight
that gets really boring for me as a
viewer but I also realized that I'm not
the target audience and I actually one
specific players I interviewed this week
was like oh yeah this is like I know for
a fact this is great to watch because
everyone is just fighting and everyone
loves that moon actually I don't come
out in an interview he didn't say it in
like a derogatory way at all he actually
really liked the patch yeah he's been
playing cho'gath but so what's
interesting is we talked about seven 13s
diversity and I know some 14 is like new
and different and but the thing is
because there's so many things that were
changed like people thought dust blade
was going to be strong so you saw like
some people have like Jace priority and
Kazakhs and stuff like that and I think
that there was something like partway
through Saturday there were 50 uniques
champion 50 unique champion picks in na
whereas on all of 7:13 there was like 46
so like in a single like in a day and a
half they had more champion picks on 714
and na than they had no do we think that
will continue with this patch because if
so little Ritu here well it's hard to
say because you could just end up with
like okay well Cho Gath now Zak are like
like super ridiculous tanks and then you
also have like gragas and whatever else
in Poppy's even being played so who
knows and if it stays great but that's
the thing is if like you know 7:15 rolls
around you can hit some of the things
that got overpowered it's like having
bigger patches where it's like 7 11 13
were like slowly working towards that
thing and each patch didn't really feel
that different
we're like 7 14 feels very different
yeah I kind of like slow patches because
I think we got two fonts and 13 where it
was and I don't mean diverse and picks
like everyone assumes I mean diverse and
picks which is not necessarily true and
there's definitely strong correlation
between diversity and picks and
diversity and how you play the game but
I just like people were arguing whether
or not you can build
you just have to build these like
linking one for cops or you can play
these one through use or you can like
snowball super hard early or you have to
go with scaling hyper carry so tanks or
and now it feels like people are arguing
less I guess but we'll see over time
what happens because maybe and I hope
this because like I liked that people
were starting to have these debates more
that that will come back again once
people get over the knee jerk oh my god
we can't deal with these tanks reaction
type flow hawk and chat says the tank
diversity is good but it's only tanks
that's just I mean like maybe it ends up
being only thanks but that's horribly
wrong for right now because we saw fiora
taking it's like an old bruiser tank
team comp seemed very historically like
kind of good instincts yeah yeah so
that's how things like you can counter
pick them it's hard to do it's just hard
to execute the one for is I think the
problem that people have with it so like
you can have some success but it's
harder to do well what ends up happening
in that game was actually the fiora like
almost never split and she just keep it
in two fights yeah hopefully clean up do
you yeah I saw that but I think she got
our head super Alex I don't think you
can really do that unless you get if I
can remember that game correctly
yes you got Dovan turned it for yeah
sorry Emily you're going I know I was
just going to say like I guess this is a
an old-timey rant that I've had for a
while and I haven't brought it up in a
while and I don't think I've ever
brought up on these weekly so so for it
here I think one thing that's kind of
frustrating to me a sense about I would
say and I have to actually run the math
on this I did once and I like lost some
numbers I think when I switched jobs
once I lost the numbers
it's on like a single account so I can't
access any work but basically the when
the frequency of like patches like this
that have very large like itemization
changes and champion changes are more
frequent
it gives less time for people to think
and stew about how to come up with
different like creative compositions so
if there's anything that I have like
just as a
get or mark against rice patching since
about like 2015 it's that I understand
that they're introducing new patches to
try to make it more exciting for viewers
or try to make it more exciting for
people playing the game not even
watching eSports but like just playing
the game in general but that frustrates
me because I really like it when a meta
does have like just really small tune
ups throughout and the general object is
to watch teams like continuously try to
figure things out so like when you have
something that's really really strong
and you actually give teams time to
solve that problem other stuff becomes
really strong and then like so on and so
on and so on and I haven't felt that way
about League of Legends actually since
about 2014 and it's not about saying
that oh like because I know people
response is always like 2014 has some
weird broken shit in and it totally did
like I'm not arguing every single season
has had weird broken shit but I do think
that more recent patches have been
slightly closer together and the like
ships themselves have been more drastic
and I do wish and I feel like what we
kind of had with seven eleven through
seven thirteen if I'm remembering the
patch incorrectly was that like there
was a gradual evolution of the meta to
the point where teams were starting to
like kind of rotate through different
team compositions to try to beat other
team compositions and you don't get that
with a higher frequency of larger
patches I think to an extent that that's
true I could example the example I used
even go back to some 14 is just last
year's worlds we had one patch for a
month and the botlane meta changed a lot
from week to week tweaks we had like al
star and then people are playing Miss
Fortune at the end and so I think that
that's like people figure stuff out so
I'm always like a little that's why I've
been sort of conservative and saying
like I dated patch or you only play
tanks because I do think that people
pick your stuff out and it'll be cool to
see and they yeah that's
so tunics I agree with you but we'll see
we'll see what happens yeah I just want
them to be able to be given the time to
do so in general and again this is like
a tangential e related Brant because I
feel like people often aren't given that
time oops that's the only thing that I
really do have this Patrick that I think
I already said was just that tanks are
already strong in people already new
tanks are strong on 7:13 and people are
playing more tanks and then the tank
buff comes it just feels like the people
weren't paying attention to that aspect
as much or I didn't have as much time to
breathe in that regard so that's like
the one thing that I really kind of
dislike about it but I feel like they
were trying to offset some of the tank
buffs with like hey lethality is getting
buff too like you'll get different stuff
and ended up like in soloqueue everyone
just plays lethality shit and it's
really annoying and then like in
competitive everyone just builds tank
we'll have to see that's actually how it
develops I like I like what they did a
lot between seven eleven and seven
thirteen but I wouldn't want that to be
like how they always patch I think like
a big mix between seven fourteen
patching and like seven eleven through
seven thirteen would be like ideal
especially wonderful oh sorry I was just
going to say and that's when I like
preseason because you have the giant
patch and then I would like like half of
the season to spread out but I don't
know that might not be ideal for
everyone all right go ahead mark I say I
think like I was I like the preseason
the mid-season I just don't I would want
those to be the only two big updates
because then you're getting like 15
weeks of pro league with like minor
tweaks and I was rad to see like one
more big patch at an appropriate time
per split 7.14 as we've been discussing
I think people still aren't really sure
what the meta is going to turn out to be
but we have some ideas and obviously as
soon as you have those types of ideas
you can start to wonder what or who are
going to be the best teams this is a
question for mark versus here yeah so
kind of continue on with this assuming
that like we talked about the tank meta
is what we expect not sure if it will
always be that way but assuming that
like in each region respectively who
does this help the most China yeah the
ball cost is ready
my help Europe right they just like
grouping mid and fighting if you're you
well maybe they can bust from it that's
the really funny thing is because you
know the one that's like I think they're
just trying to be hipster at this point
because the bus comes out and they're
the ones playing like Renekton Elise
talent suddenly it's like okay this core
handed just so which team do you think
in like each respective region does it
help because like for na I think it
helps TSM a lot not like yet because
they're historically like kind of slow
about learning stuff but if it does stay
on like more tank heavy team comps I
feel like with doublelift in view
extends like you're late game carries
with pots are initiating and all that
jazz it works out pretty well for
everyone on that team aside for a little
bit of bio frost and spend maybe okay so
TSM and North America does Emily Anne
Kelsey do you agree with that I mean it
definitely wasn't reflected in this all
right but that's more of an improv like
you guys aren't playing cho'gath or
maokai yeah hearth admitted that the
patch had fucked him up so yeah I mean
and I'll go to an extent they were
getting a lot of like row mid stuff and
those are kind of good but I think we're
going to it there's more might be more
of an emphasis on like Bach going to mid
and I'm not sure if bio frost is like
super tight on the aspect yet he was he
was kind of like the leader of doing it
in na but then I think a lot of any
teams got better at it I also think that
they are like a team that wants to trade
for top and bought in in certain
situations and this makes it a little
bit harder to trade for tops in my
opinion so I don't know maybe it's good
for them because they can play like the
super bot hybrid carries and couple if
they look really strong on Tristana but
for some reason I'm not 100% on them
like I also think it's like the jungle
invade saying because we're seeing a lot
more jungler
just be like yeah we're going to fight
over control words and River and not
necessarily be super aggressive about
this but we'll see it'll be bad for bio
for us if people can keep picking
Blitzcrank is that a comic somewhere in
chatters that your clearance looks - I
just want to throw out there I think
that's pretty good
at first benign actually because I think
I think a lot of the support that you
might see coming back and are like are
obviously play making like what people
think of as play making CC melee
supports were already on their way back
anyway but I think that does help
smoothy a lot since he likes to roam and
Sneaky's a pretty reliable ad carry to
leave inland I think it really helps
them because typically they did like to
teamfight late-game anyway so it plays
kind of into what they what I think
their default would probably be if you
had to like pinpoint a default for this
specific c9 team so I don't know that
was the team that came immediately to
mind even though I do I agree with was
it Travis it so this earlier remarks
that Dignitas was like the most prepared
going into this week for this patch not
me get I mentioned that but that was
like you know it's difference between
like who's this patch best boy everyone
figures out versus like dig does really
crazy shit all the time and they got the
lead on this one yeah and I don't think
that like I think that a lot of things
will change in the coming weeks like I
doubt that people keep leaving maokai up
against Dignitas for example because you
look at some days history at all as a
glance whatsoever you'll realize that
that's actually really a champion for
him
not that Malachi is a particularly
difficult champion to play mechanically
but just because it allows his natural
sea-fight targeting to come through in a
way that he doesn't even like and I
don't know I'm obviously he's probably
better at communicating with the team
now so that there's always like the
trouble with just basic language
communication
rosters but like it actually allows them
so we'd seen fights visually without any
sort of secretly naturally sure there's
one player has I asked oh no I was gonna
say I don't this is like not related at
all to anything it's just like in my
head I remember watching one of the
games and hearing Jax say that he thinks
that like cho'gath is better in the
jungle because he doesn't think it's
like good in length and it needs
follow-up CC so it's better to have a
top laner that can engage and then a
jungle cho'gath like I was wondering if
this is the general na sentiment or just
that um I've only talked to two or three
people about cho'gath top and they
generally think it doesn't lose Lane
like if you play it right it's
impossible to be in lane like you might
not snowball on you but if you just like
bitch out the first three levels
eventually your QE just like coolers
waves and you have too much sustain and
maybe I misheard him say that part but I
definitely know that he said that he
thinks was better jungle so I just
thought it was interesting because my
general understanding is that like every
time I see Cho Gath play his like range
is super good like it straight - super
good his like he's good in Lane and most
people and you actually think that he's
much better top and jungle so I just
thought that that was interesting as
kind of curious like this was a general
like most people think Jonathan's
getting jungle a couple of comments from
the chat ELA Green says that he believes
the patch helps you to a lot because it
well it works with tricks comfort mix
sure I mean and you I think I guess good
for G - it's good for misfits because
even though it's a fairly poor
understanding of the game they can group
and like just engage and kill and I
think it should be good for slice
because trashy is really comfortable and
a lot of these jungle picks so similar
reason why'd you choose it's good for
you - it's good for and I think that
doesn't most of the teams in EU that
it's really good for okay so moki's
in twitch SSN Roccat says I think it
will give a morals bigger edge out of
every na LCS team because they've been
already winning with team play and now
it's just ten times easier i inflamed
from me is the one thing because I feel
like but I think that it's not that big
of a deal he can still play really
strong laning champions and they can
still and Cody's phone can play like
these hyper carries and it's fine yeah
he looks pretty good on the gin outside
of a few like the gym thing is stolen
not 100% oh yeah
and then Chino boy 14 wants to know
which teams the tank meta will fuck over
uh I actually think it might not be good
for CLG just because uh like darshan has
been having like one of his best splits
ever in terms of like individual carry
performance on a lot of different things
and it ends up in a situation where it's
like alright you are mostly playing
tanks like your Fuhrer gets banned so
you can't counter that like I think that
could hurt him potentially and he was he
was a big threat with like Jericho is
going up there and snow-blowing the top
side of the map and then you just end up
with like dive bottom repeatedly and I
don't think clg's always been
particularly good at that I think CLG is
not another good I think it exactly
might have a bad impact on hgk for
reasons that like they're too dear
traditionally good at 1:31
I wouldn't say that they rely on their
bottom line a whole lot it's good for
you oh if they actually play it and but
they seem to not want to actually play
it so I guess in that sense it's bad for
them
alright moving on from 7.14 after
spending 45 minutes talking about it
doesn't want to talk about that anymore
it's just a long time to spend on one
topic alright uh Kelsey mhm
wait was this you don't know I
Emily sorry sorry Kelsi you'll get your
time in the spotlight I'm promised Emily
let's talk about the idea of a flawless
team using SQL and TSM I believe is
examples so this is kind of a I guess a
hard shift away from what we've been
talking about I can I'll try to
transition as well as attend basically
um this is something if I had four last
week if we had done the show just
because I think it also applies to this
week it's the way people so like when
TSM came back from rift rivals suddenly
they came back and the first like
narratives I guess to hit the ground
running in North America that week was
like TSM was suddenly the best team and
they have no flaws whatsoever and I also
see the same thing a lot and I know
there's a lot of comparisons between the
two justice of their dominance in their
respective regions but until recently
when they started failing a lot I see
the same thing with SKT where like
people kind of tend to gloss over their
flaws and not bring them up just because
they are a top team so I guess like am I
just crazy and people didn't do this
with TSM when they came back from rift
rivals or I don't know like I just want
to urge people to find the flaws in all
up maybe this is a negative topic I urge
people to find the flaws in all they're
trying to try not to talk to us Emily I
mean I find your way that all teams can
lose and I feel like that's really
important to drown your voters turns
into my Twitter and everyone thinks
you're an angry alcoholic that hates
everything are you saying th on are a
bunch of losers exactly that when you
like so like when the time comes that a
team does a top team does start losing
like for example
SK Telecom like maybe want to take a
look at some of those flaws previously
so then when teams do start beating them
maybe it makes a lot more sense to you
and I'm not even saying like I wrote a
bunch of stuff on SKT and who knows
could be like way off face but I think
like addressing team claws even while
they're winning is important escapee one
and twitch chat says quote your favorite
band is overrated I wish you could see
it cool kind of uh cutting off the idea
that you know yeah yeah yeah I think I
think it depends on like where you are
in the season that you see people
glossing over potential weaknesses
because I feel like like four world
story building you hear about like SKT
is the best you in the world but if
there's one way to beat that you could
potentially look at while and like they
go on their little rant about you
suddenly got very easily there were you
yeah I don't know what that was I was
just like a generic nerdy kind of
analyst voice that wasn't anyone
specific but uh uh I feel like I do hear
a lot of those kind of like you know
kind of yes yeah try to angle it I was
like who is Mark unintentionally
throwing shade out right now yeah but I
feel like you hear a lot more that at
post seasons and stuff like that than
you hear during the regular season where
people are more often along for the ride
and wanted like a lot of hype building
so like oh my god CS I'm smashing
everyone they look really really good
are they you know the best team and then
a and then like you often don't get that
much in-depth coverage of like what they
do bad why after riff travels - it was
like everyone was super excited and that
was more of a page pseudo patriotic or
regional pride thing and people didn't
want to hear about like PS I'm sauce not
much so I think that kind of makes sense
so yeah I mean I think another
interesting comparison is TSM going into
and like I was guilt like I was just as
guilty as this as anyone so I guess
maybe it's something that like I'm
trying to find in my own analysis when I
look at teams like TSM going into Worlds
last year right I think because they
were so successful and because their
narrative was one of dominance I felt
like it I didn't find in the flaws that
eventually led to their downfall and now
looking back I can be like oh that's so
obvious but like it definitely wasn't
obvious at the time so I guess I just
want to urge people to kind of dig
deeper to find weaknesses and talking
Thanks
oh I was going to say I think I think it
also is kind of dependent on like you
know especially for TSM last season was
just that they were so dominant that
like teams were not exposing them super
well during the regular season and like
if you look really really closely you
could like hypothetically come up with
some of those situations but it wasn't
like oh this team consistently lost this
way even though they were you know 18 in
like three the three losses all had this
like one common thread in them it like
TSM was just too dominant for that to
become well so like I feel like that it
kind of depends on like oh well they're
the number one team right now and CLG
but like this thing happens and they
lose a lot of skirmishes and sometimes
their jungler just kills himself and it
seems really random I felt like for that
TSM team it did seem very specific to
the fact that they were so good in the
region that I think to an extent though
you you could skew stuff like I mean
when they were playing when I went back
it was like oh they're bot Lane almost
literally never goes mid it's like this
sometimes um but again it's like a
retrospect thing and people were writing
the high and it's it's like yeah so I
think you can definitely see flaws of
teams either when they're being really
really dominant it's just that people
don't think about it critically because
of internal biases and stuff like this
is all but I always like to maintain the
narrative that you can you can you can
gauge teams internationally using gauge
genes even when they're really really
strong I don't like the idea that you
can't even when they're just because
they're super dominant because I feel
like you should be able to you know and
so that's where I sort of stand on the
issue I think that for example there is
also like them that a factor where it's
kind of hard to predict all meta will
affect genes with skg I've always kind
of maintained
that wolf is overrated and part because
historically he hasn't been able to play
like a lot of disengaged champions
outside of all-star maybe and now we're
in a matter where she's not able to play
the mage champions as much in SKT here
like stubbornly playing mage champions
so I think you have to have a long
memory sometimes also so it is hard but
I think it's possible probably delicious
that Walter needs to play Jonna
I mean Ken coin is like them no no like
I'm actually not even kidding right no
that's actually my solution that's one
like slightly underrated thing just
because it's a little bit hard to play
play these champions because of all the
tank engage champions is that coin is
actually stupid good reanalysis so you
and you guys are both writers and Mark
does videos why don't you guys do a
video or an article that's just as quote
loa zento says TSM has glaring flaws
it's the video or headline I think also
there's like it let's take the current
landscape of the competitive scene like
right now there's no top team really in
a lot of regions like who is the top
team in na who's the top area but
they're not I know there's good yes like
that's the thing I look at no that's a
good point because like and that's kind
of why I want to bring up this topic
because I feel like all the teams that
are like top right now in Korea like I
can think of so many flaws for them and
people were always super critical of
everything that wasn't skp until SKT
like started failing so now the end
result is that people are still in my
opinion fairly critical of or I guess
maybe it's just like I'm pretty critical
and people I know are pretty critical of
this top team so they're still in Korea
like Samsung still has a lot of problems
long as you still have a lot of problems
keer like I keep telling people there
are bundle of problems and yet you know
they usually win series anyway and so I
think that is a like the result of not
having a top team is that you do get a
lot more fair representation of is the
like teams that fill that vacuum all of
their strengths and weaknesses I think
part of the problem with me last year
though when we're talking about like TSM
and EDG is these super top teams right I
even like was really critical of a lot
of EDG problems but I didn't anticipate
like how much they anticipated most of
their problems but I didn't really
anticipate like how hard they would get
hit by them just because I had this
feeling that there were a lot of
problems with teams everywhere you know
so it was like hard to say specifically
even if GSM and EDG looks super dominate
and you can still see flaws of course
like you can of course you still see
flaws in their play like how do I know
it's hard to definitively feel like this
team will know how to explain it or this
is like an entire region of teams
playing against these teams haven't been
able to exploit them or haven't been
able to figure out this law then it's
hard to have confidence that a team from
another region who's had a similar like
oh my god I'm so good in these areas and
I've been dominating will also be able
to like exploit some of the flaws of the
team so it's a little bit difficult in
that regard as well yeah it's the kind
of thing where it's like you have to
really put yourself out there as like
this analysts say like this is this
seems problems this is a hundred cent
you know why I think they could lose and
then like you know there's a lot of
factors well you said the patch is
different you haven't seen these teams
play each other they have their own
problems and it's like you can you can
hypothetically talk about things like oh
man
TSM just a snow ball really hard and
they go bottom and that's like their
game plan and that's how they play and
like the thing is like that's a play
style choice like you don't know if like
that's just like they're going to be
able to get on the world stage too so
like you can say that that's a problem
and then you don't really have great
data to be like that this is a
legitimate problem I don't want to go to
off-topic here but as we're discussing
they're not being too many top teams and
if different regions or at least are
being a lot of contesting for who is the
top team do we think that this is a good
sign for worlds which I know still a bit
a way that we might have much closer
competition
I think it's kind of like the guilty and
or innocent until proven guilty or
whatever where it's just like I assume
Korea's going to show everybody until
that doesn't happen and because I made I
talked about Korea last year and like
when I watched the playoffs and like
Casey won in the but did well in the
playoffs and then didn't make it and
then I watched the finals and I was like
okay the fifth game was decided off some
like random 50/50 Baron where GP thinks
stolen and Kuro is using Kalia and like
has the worst to lea walls I've ever
seen I was like I think Korea might be
overrated a little bit this year then
I'm like you know lo and behold they go
they're in this shit on everybody so
it's one of those things were like I've
seen Korea at times where I'm not like
super in love with their play and they
still to come out just fine so I'm a
little bit more on the back foot I think
their thing about Samsung and SK Telecom
in particular I will say this is much
about teams like KT that haven't changed
I don't think all season or whatever but
they they're just really good at
adapting like whenever you see oh yeah
SKT have these glaring flaws as soon as
they lose because of them like almost
the next time you see them and this
hasn't happened yet so maybe that's a
bigger warning sign but as soon as they
lose because of them or something like
this they come back and they don't have
them anymore and I don't know why
they're able to do this but it's almost
infuriating to make predictions about
them because of it Samsung we're very
similar like if you look at their
warning patterns and the c9 series and
then compare them to like they're
awarding patterns in each two cases
they're actually insanely different so I
think that that's something that's
really interesting about these teams all
right moving on to Kelsie's topic I
believe one versus all fanatics problems
so this is something that I kind of knew
has been going on but that I was
surprised that their fnatic are now
willing to talk about it a little bit
more which is that as a team for a lot
of the split in particular reckless has
just kind of been secluding himself and
not being part
the team discussion and not doing and
then kind of like saying things like I
play these champions right coming into
discussion it's like I play these
champions you have to play around me so
he forgiving of this year's EU LCS yeah
sure it's it's similar so this is why I
guess become what he hated the most
so they I played these champions and
then the team has discussions without
him and it's like okay we have this
input like how do we play a rabbit in
this regard and that was happening for a
while then after rift rivals
kela at home to Sweden and the team had
a discussion he came back and were like
we're not doing this anymore and so they
started to change but the question is
like when you have a team like that what
are some ways that you solve it mark if
you were still coaching and you had a
team like that what would you do I mean
it's a little hard to say from the
outside without knowing the dynamically
yeah I like absolutely I'm not saying
specifically we kind of have two
examples on the table that are very
different so you can kind of just like
speculate a little bit like some of the
stuff that right so like let's say you
know the coach doesn't have as much sway
in the team as you know reckless because
fnatic has talked with him as like upper
management they're like yeah you're the
star guy you're like a face the
franchise these kinds of things like you
know you we have these stipulations in
your contract and coach like you know
you need to play Kaitlyn and you need to
learn this and he doesn't do it it's
like when you Butthead something usually
has to give and if fnatic has given
reckless more clout behind him then like
you're the one kind of has to give and
I'm sure you know you could kind of put
an ultimatum to like the team or like in
bio say the team I'm like upper
management were like the four other
players like listen like we can't play
with this guy we need an benched or like
we're going to like all quit or whatever
but short of like ultimatums if one guys
just being very obstinate and he has the
organization behind him it is not much
you can really do honestly it is tough I
think it's an easy question
because
like h2 case prolly actually did a
reflections type thing where he like
everyone praises h2 kaise like early
game macro and how they used forgiving
to rotate two lanes and then he did this
like reflection so it's like we had to
play like that I actually don't think
early game is that good we just had to
play like that because forgiving was
like that and it's like so it's kind of
amusing to me because you can't find
ways and be really successful or round
like certain points and I think maybe
with ad carry that might be this
position where it's the most possible
because assuming that it's not like all
I play is Canon and then you can kind of
maneuver this guy and just like use him
as kind of a chess piece almost he's
like an input and then you kind of move
around this part in the map because I
think theoretically also teams with
certain limitations can be more
successful because they have to kind of
be more creative about how they solve
their problems and how they do things
and so some of the the best teams have
had very obvious problems that gave them
an identity and they played around it so
right so someone was mentioning piglet
in chat and I think it was like a very
different situation where the problem
piglet was not like I'm often about the
champions I want to play it was like you
do not work within this team well so we
benched him and brought in Keith and
then we won a bunch with Keith and it's
like clearly our team's fine and the
thing they didn't play different
champions or anything like that is just
like you have to start communicating and
not getting mad and blah blah whatever
you know problems there were it was not
like champion pool really where's like
your example was forgiving and reckless
does feel much more like we play this
style play around us and that can be a
strength at times and obviously weakness
yeah thanks to player themselves so like
teeth as well as an example from what I
understand it's more about like using
resources well so piglet is the type of
player who like if you aren't giving him
resources and you're giving them someone
else on the team for example that person
has to
do really well with those resources
otherwise piglet well thinks that maybe
they should have gone to him because
obviously he could have done better and
like I don't know how familiar people
are with piglet when he was on SK
Telecom but there was actually he had a
player with him in lane that would just
be like stop it and he was basically
piglets handler um to some extent and if
you've ever watched like there used to
be I don't know if they're still up on
YouTube but there used to be like these
like videos of them playing soloqueue
together to practice and it would just
be like pig would be like I did this
awesome thing are I awesome and Kumaon
do is just like yeah okay
like whatever kind of making sure that
he gets like enough praise not to go
crazy but also not like trying to feed
his ego and that's a really delicate
balancing act and I think like SKT is
also an example of an organization that
has a very strong coaching structure
where the coaches and the analysts of
the team do Command Authority and you
know it there's a there's one obvious
shift from when he left that team to
when he came to North America um so I
don't know like the piglet comparisons
really an entirely different situation
and my in my opinion um but I think it's
an interesting like example for
comparison I guess because like in in
recklessness case and specifically
thinking of ad carry's like there have
been teams they've come up with really
fantastic creative strategies around ad
carry's that weren't even necessarily
being obstinate they just suck and they
couldn't play we'll just yes that's
exactly yeah
Oh waffles have like some of the most
creative principles Shion pushes and
stuff like that because mo was just so
bad if you could only play like Ezreal
act like a professional level I mean
jinkx is still in my opinion color it's
more on yeah
yes more on and there's more ready carom
oh yeah I'm was my whoops but yeah like
so I think I do I do agree with Kelsey
sentiments at 80 carry specifically
because it is kind of a separate role in
some regards is a little bit more easy
to manipulate if you do have a team like
the rest of the team themselves have to
be really flexible and they also have to
work really well together which again is
like that that was the flash whole thing
right is that their communication is
really really good and they're able to
be flexible because maple and Karsa are
so good together so like I think the
other problem or not necessarily problem
but like if you're looking at a
checklist of like how you could
manipulate and like move around and ad
carry like forgiving I think the rest of
the team has to be pretty flexible and
that year h2k the rest of the team was
able to kind of flex themselves around
it and there was a similar thing with
flash holes where they were able to
communicate well enough that they could
come up with these creative strategies
and work around very good well hey I
think we're wrapped up with that topic
which also brings us to the final
moments of the show as we take in the
anime Pick of the Week as well as some
questions from chat
so Emily Rance before we get into the
questions from chat and while I've
decided to move this before questions
because it gives such at time to key of
questions so you want to give us your
anime Pick of the Week yeah so my anime
Pick of the Week is actually something
that's super popular and I don't think
I've mentioned before but it's really in
a second season I'm gonna be like ending
parts of first season it's really
beginning hit its stride it's called my
hero academia approve it you can watch
it on crunchyroll I think like so many
players watch it actually yeah like the
players that are into anime I'm pretty
sure watch it but it's a really good
it's a very standard shown in show but
if you like what is shown in again uh
like long-running yes yeah basically
comment expert boys it's like what you
flick was it gonna be for Boris Alma
because that's actually what's shown in
means it's somebody's marketed towards
boys um but yeah I mean it's like that
doesn't mean all audiences can't love it
um but anyway my Herrick I see academia
is really concentration works pressuring
her so um it's fun it's a fun show to
watch
okay it's fun I think the show's over it
is shit I'm on the other end of the
spectrum here just because I feel like
it's the most bog-standard anime but it
has the greatest character design ever
and people just like look oh look over
everything else about it
oh look pretty animation I wonder why
Emily likes it mm-hmm
that's fair Oh she'll has some awesome
animation yeah it looks it looks really
good and it's fun for sure oddly in the
chat says my hero academia yeah yeah
Emily my girl but in all caps more
enthusiasm that I was able to convey
it's very excited about that
alright so questions from chat Ella
green please or PKS says why does LGD
keep disappointing everyone uh so you
know how we complain about like Team
Liquid not knowing what they're doing
and potentially having like incompetent
people deciding things who are like
clearly confused about what's going on
at the team like that's basically LGD so
just goes to show that even if you have
like super good players doesn't
necessarily mean anything if you don't
know what you're doing overall so that's
kind of how I feel I it's it's really
funny because people like I think
someone posted the LPL MVP rankings and
the jungler Eimi is second overall in
LPL MVP ranking and I didn't even
realize that I was like that's really
random so people who see that probably
think okay so
historically as LGD fans we've just
blamed the jungler so who do we blame
now I don't think I'll win this I don't
think I don't think I need that good but
I do think that like you shouldn't
necessarily blame the jungler it's just
the team is they do a lot more
interesting and creative stuff mid when
is a lot more consistently all right
done 198 says who's going to win the lck
game today
SSG or Katy and why it's also the first
game that lck is on patch 7.14 14 SSG
y-yeah that very reason it's a good
patch for them especially since they've
been playing ambition a lot more I think
I don't see Katy doing well on the patch
actually I know like we didn't really go
over Korea and like who the patch of
help and who would hurt but I actually
think it helps Samsung and it hurts kPa
to do mm-hmm and Katy Howell now has
long drew yeah Casey you have not
changed at all
by the way they still like the same
issues so even though like historically
there's been this rock-paper-scissors
thing where case you lose to skp but
they always beat samsung that's like
kind of their corner of it I think this
will probably be one of the losses they
have against in fun for that reason but
I am also like so I guess if you're Katy
fan like I am also Casey fan and I
always shit on them that makes me super
critical of all their weaknesses so
maybe I'm not the best person to ask
because I think it hurts both OH Katy
and I won't you actually just a little
bit son we'll see maybe if any team has
a solution to the tank better it will be
Katy or long - probably because I feel
like they'll be very obstinate and like
car like that best play yeah for one
these four ones and healed play like
things just to counter get good counter
Lane matchups and he's really bad at
linking so they need to cover that up
somehow so we'll see it'll be
interesting uh alright lol as ento says
what's everyone's opinion on p1 are you
taking a vacation before playoffs is it
fair those teammates or is it just
there's a just move to do I mean this
answer is obviously going to go like
with that big asterisk that's like as
long as you know nothing's mentally
health 'wrong like a family member
didn't die there's none of you like
obviously big exchange rating
circumstances because like you know Matt
on T L had panic attacks for a while and
he's like I can't play I'm just like
freaking out on stage and I'm not
playing well take me out which is like a
situation where I agree with that but if
it's just like what I've heard it's like
just he doesn't want to play he doesn't
like the team or something then it's
absolutely ridiculous and I agree with
like dominates tweets where he was kind
of calling him out I didn't read all
them maybe something I don't agree with
but I agree with the overall careful
when you say yeah be careful like I
agree with dominate yeah and everything
has ever said all right uh but I do
agree with the overall sentiment that's
like dude it's your job you just have to
sack up and play like four more weeks
for them and like you're your best
option like we saw how they look in your
in it was god-awful and I actually don't
think perience got off but he went to
like a bad team environment like I'm
sure all that stuff mmm
yeah I mean I think the only way that
you could say that it was not it would
not be fair is if the like team
atmosphere was so bad with reiha that
bringing period in was like periods
really upbeat positive player so maybe
it was like that would help but
obviously it didn't really reflect in
any sort of like wins this week so
Andrea's a player who's like the
performance of his team
I think affects him a lot individually
like he gets super easily discouraged by
stuff like that which may not be fair
but it's just like the team is
performing poorly or one of the
sidelines are performing poorly than Rio
is definitely just going to be bad so if
you're
in might just be a better example anyway
to similar questions and we'll use these
to wrap up the question section zero
zero eight eight says why does dar doc
look so bad on sealed E and crypto xie
says what is going on with CLG jungle uh
for the first half of that I wouldn't
even necessarily say dar doc is playing
god-awful like I think youth yeah I
don't think one of them all
I think he's not at all performing at
the highs we've ever seen perform it but
he's just the same like he's like a
lesser version of the same player in
some sense were like when he would throw
before he was like hard throw and you
would lose the game solely because of
him then when he went off you would like
hard win the game because of him and
like you saw in the first game of their
second series were like he made two good
ganks to get flashes in lanes and then
he was trying to play around mid lane
and got jumped on and killed twice and
like it was still close to winnable game
he played out after like from behind
decently for the most part it's just
like he's not taking over games like he
used to probably because he's working
within CLG system a little bit more and
he's also not hard feeding he's a more
controlled player overall but I don't
know that's my take and then what is
going on with their jungler why are they
doing all this
Omar stuff and all that I mean I don't
know if you wanted a so like if you
wanted and analytical like purely
analytical not and this would only apply
to this week so I guess it probably
wouldn't work but like they might want
to bring Omar in on seven one four they
feel like Star doc isn't as comfortable
on a tank champion that they might want
to play that's the only like analytical
reason I can think of other than like
just having a breath of fresh air on the
team in terms of like mentality and I
think that's where you like never know
about what is going on with the team
internally mark what are the non
analytical reasons that you would play
Omar I mean this is
ami to say that darkness history has
been pretty toxic to his team
environment baited got it did it but I
don't know if that's the case because I
mean I actually do think that like there
there could be a situation where like
you lose a game and Derrick gets mad and
you're like alright put in omar just
because you can't win with him like
upset but he's still not like a huge you
know cancer to the team in the sense
where he's like destroying your team
practice so I still say like in some
senses like even if dar doc is
completely under control and not a
problem on the team he himself might
internally tilt and then Omar could be a
solution for that if you guys understand
what I'm trying to say yeah yes it was
it against fly a quest was that the
first series where they played Omar
China remembers the game I was at Friday
it was a Friday serious I think it was
hang on let me double-check just yeah it
was like you okay yeah and I just
remember it being really weird where he
was on Twitter it's like there's
absolutely nothing wrong for just
playing oh my god
but I do remember like this the first
game it was weird because even though I
felt like it made sense compositionally
and in terms of like the way the map was
set up for him to play more I'm bought
and then like top kind of went nowhere
and then their teepee place are weird
and then like Omar immediately goes mid
which makes sense to me Game two in
terms of that gameplay and that flow and
then the whatever weird vel'koz thing
they were doing um and then so like
their the game just like opened up much
better and it just went better and it
was much more interaction between him
and afro and this was just like the
first two two games so it's weird to me
that the team seems a little a little
bit better with him our God but I don't
know if that's anything and then like I
think it was this week where he was
playing like the reg rengar Startalk
yeah start off leaving resy yeah and
then yeah close the game that my kin was
testing and they it was a weird Campos
like around where he had to engage as
ringer and it just seemed it was really
weird if compared to the second calm
place I guess so
I don't know I guess they're trying some
different things maybe this is the best
way to put it
that would be another analytical
quote/unquote analytical or without
wanting to say that there might be
internal problems and they might just be
like on Twitter like there's no internal
problems at all this is not suspicious
why would you say that so yeah I have no
idea
all right well that's the show shout out
some plugs here at the end
starting with Kelsey what do you want to
throw out there um doing stuff for ESPN
and slingshot a lot of EU interviews if
you guys like interviews if you like my
future content I do still do that
it just doesn't get on reddit as much
but you can find it on my Twitter and on
my Facebook where do you post them on my
twitter and my facebook I words where do
these little what website are they on I
said slingshot Neos yet okay well you
were saying interviews for my eat for my
EU interviews I didn't know if the
futures for someplace yeah
oh yeah right now the interviews are
just on sling shot and the features are
on full swing shiny ESPN Emily Rance
I am doing something so I have
interviews and other features coming out
I'm doing something I'm really excited
about and all two people are going to
read no it's revisiting SK Telecom t1 s
versus prime optimist season for Jenna
it's going to read that I will read it
because I am writing it but anyhow we
will see it so good yes I'm excited I
know probably not a lot of people will
be but I think it's really interesting
from a render
aspect does it also about Tom LaBonge
aka Kahn some people are like drooling
over now so yeah everyone is like trying
to tell me that he's like the super good
rookie and just like you realize he
played in the major leagues before it's
like yeah but LT L doesn't count it's
like no he's playing he actually played
in Korea yeah so good stuff
mark uh yep I'm still doing the same old
shit oh you're also escaping eSports
you're diversifying you're becoming a
YouTube superstar didn't we talk about
it laughs yeah but I just mean not the
same bullshit dot really so basically
I'm still doing challenger in LCS I also
still doing the blame game but the one
thing that Travis is referencing is I
started a YouTube channel called offline
TV with scara's like streamer house and
we have a lot of videos out now I think
of like four it's doing really well
actually much better than I thought it
would just given that like it's really
new but we have like a meet the house
video us at Anime Expo and then we just
released one where we take all of them
boxing so check it out call it offline
TV on YouTube there you go for one else
stick around I'll hang out for the next
twenty or so minutes after the show and
answer questions and hang out talk a
little bit about what's been going on
with me subscribe to my youtube channel
please that'd be super cool you can
support me through links that are there
or Travis character comes life support
last week I think a hundred and eighty
thousand people watched my interviews
and five of those people chose to donate
a total of thirty five dollars to
support me so life is going well you
know at the unemployed world uh and yeah
so stick around
oh also I have photography it's over on
Instagram daikon such sotl Travis its
Marc's favorite type of photography Oh
somebody subscribe boom at the very end
I got my first real subscriber life is
looking up he can now use the Travis
emoticon everything is going great and
that's the show thank you guys bye